I'm looking back how do you think the
experience of going to an all-boys
school has affected your life for me it
was probably a good thing a sort of a
scholastic underachiever and I think if
I did in a co-ed school a little bit
disaster this graduate and also there
was something kind of fabulous about you
know little boy school here on the Alan
Stephenson boys club he saw the police
side of it those girls from early
enlightened Gail BAM fruitiness Hewitt
school and I like these fabulous
creatures that you see kind of like
watching the herds going across the
Savannah Wild Kingdom episodes of Wild
Kingdom on top stay there they go there
they go you know another bee dances you
know he kept you know they gave him
another find girls to date new life he
had an affinity with but it was hard
because it had all had to be worked out
you know so I didn't have a problem that
some people have done it hated it it was
all I knew and and but I I was able to
focus they focused however my song all
my children have gone to collect schools
and
watching them grow up and have the kind
of relationships with women that I
didn't have because women were so exotic
and such a such a different you know
species to me mustn't be in a boy school
it's wonderful to have seen my two sons
I have one 34 and one it's just about to
turn 14 to see them in school developing
friendships and and different kinds of
intimacy's with females that and for me
it was just not and I do it a lot of
girls mommy and I new actresses and but
but all the different kinds of
relationships you can have with young
people of the opposite sex in a sense of
community that's involved with more than
one gender I I think it's probably all
in all of much a better way to do it I
think it's better to have co-educational
I mean I was fine with what I had but I
think they have a leg up on how to kind
of
how to function socially and how to talk
to women it's like you know
in the past you've worked on several
different adaptations of Stephen King's
books and short stories what is it that
Josh Mina Stephen King's worth money
no there were good commercial good
commercial adventures I was asked to be
in I mean it was a gas because I've
never been much of a Stephen King fan
frankly but but I they sent me the
script and I read the book after they
asked me to do it and I did it it didn't
really come from my affiliate affinity
for King
it just came career-wise it and and so
many of my friends were there with John
Ritter was a good friend of mine and
that O'Toole was a good friend of mine
Richard nazzer was a good friend of mine
Dennis Christopher and I had made a
movie the other I mean we were playing
friends but we basically were all
friends so it was a wonderful wonderful
chemistry and you know it was it was
very cool I'd never done a horror
picture like that it was very
interesting to just sort of be a part of
that process you know I bought walking
around on the technical stuff like that
faucet running blood cool then they
asked me to do this time airs &
dreamscapes story the about three years
ago which I did which is a Stephen King
short story based on an episode of an
out of the Alfred Hitchcock show from he
wrote a story based on an episode of
Hitchcock televisions series episode and
again you know was it was a trip to
Australia it was a fun I loved the
script I loved what I was about and it
just came my way you know it didn't
really didn't really come from a
particular affinity with the material
although I think he's masterful
storyteller and a great you know master
obviously of terror and and also lights
a bit well about childhood I think about
relationships and and the fears and joys
of childhood he's very very good about
that but yeah so that's that's how those
two things came along I was really proud
of it a lot of people saw that a lot of
people like to at the ending kind of was
kind of a not very good but I don't
think they anything in the book was
working either zone